feat: add exampleHeader for importer (#11260)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/actions/docs/07-prebuilt-actions/08-import.md

    ->example('ABC123')
```

> You can customize the header of the example file using the `exampleHeader()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the name of the column is used in the header of the example CSV. You can customize the header per-column using `exampleHeader()`:
```

```php

> ImportColumn::make('sku')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use Filament\Actions\Imports\ImportColumn;

ImportColumn::make('sku')
```
